Guide next vs 6 (#5301)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/clever-eagles-try.md

---
'@keystone-next/website': patch
---

> Add Keystone 5 vs Next guide to site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a Keystone 5 vs Next guide to site.
```

The comments we leave in changesets are used to generate our `CHANGELOG.md` contents. For consistency we want these changelogs to be written in **past tense** and **complete sentences** (e.g. capital letters, full stops, etc). This is somewhat motivated by pedantry on my part, but I think it makes for a better reading experience when people go to find out what has changed.
